## words

## movie dialog

## 34:18

He's brringing a girl?

Miracles do happen.

Does girl have a name?

Don't know. Wouldn't say.

Oh, Christ. What's going on in there?

Come on in. Vague food crisis.

Hiya. Sorry.

The guinea-fowl is proving more complicated than expected.

He's cooking guinea-fowl?

Don't even ask.

Good lord, you're the spitting image of ...

Bella, this is Anna.

Ok, crisis over.

Have some wine.

I'll get it.

Red or white?

Look, your brother's brought this girl.

Hi, guys.

She's my baby sister.

This is one of those key moments in life...  when it's possible you can be really genuinely cool and I'm going to fail just a hundred percent. I absolutely, totally and utterly adore you. And I just think you are the most beautiful woman in the world. And more importantly, I genuinely believe, and I've believed for some time now, that we could be best friends. So what do you think?

Lucky me.

Oh, you gave me a present. We're best friends already then. Marry Will. He's a really nice guy. Then we can be sisters. Well, I'll think about it.

That'll be Bernie.

Hi. Sorry I'm late. Bollocksed up at work again, I fear. Millions down the drain.

Well done.

Bernie, this is Anna.

Hillo, Anna. Delighted to meet you.


## 37:00

It's a hat. You don't have to wear it or anything.

You haven't slept with her, have you?

That is a cheap question, and the answer is, of course, no comment.

No comment means "yes".

No, it doesn't.

Do you ever masturbate?

Definitely no comment.

You see, it means "yes."

Oh, my god.

So, uh, tell me, um, Anna, what do you do?

I'm an actress.

Oh, splendid.

What do you do?

I'm actually in the stock market myself, so, not really similar fields. Though, I have done the odd bit of amateur stuff. P.G. Wodehouse. Farce, all that, you know. "Careful there, Vicar." Always imagined it's a pretty tough job, though, acting. The wages are a scandal, aren't they?

They can be.

I see friends from university, clever chaps. Been in the business longer than you. They're scraping by on seven, eight thousand a year. You know, it's no life. What sort of acting do you do?

Films, mainly.

Splendid. Well done. How's the pay in movies? I mean, last film you did, what did you get paid?

Fifteen million dollars.

Right. So that's well, fairly good.

Right, I think we're ready.

Bella, can you tell me where I can find...

Sorry. It's down the corridor on the right.

I'll show you.

Quickly, quickly. Talk very, very quickly. What are you doing here with Anna Scott?

Anna Scott? Yes. Shut up.

What did you say to her?

I don't believe it. I actually walked into the loo with her. I was still chatting when she started unbuttoning her jeans. She had to ask me to leave.

So you knew who she was?

Of course I did, but he didn't.

Not instantly, but I got away with it.

What do you think of the guinea-fowl?

I'm a vegetarian.

So, how's the guinea-fowl?

Best guinea-fowl I've ever tasted.


## 39:40

Having you here, Anna, firmly establishes what I've long suspected that we really are the most desperate lot of underachievers. I'm not saying it's a bad thing. In fact, I think it's something we should take pride in. I'm gonna give the last brownie as a prize to the saddest act here.

Born.

All right. Obvisouly, it's me, isn't it? I work in a city in a job I don't understand and everyone keeps getting promoted above me. I haven't had a girlfriend since puberty. And nobody fancies me.

Nosense. I fancy you.

Really?

Yeah. Or I did before you got so fat.

You see. And unless I'm much mistaken, your job still pays you rather a lot of money whilst Honey here earns 20 pence a week flogging her guts out in London's worst record store.

Yes. And I haven't got hair. I've got feathers. And I've got funny goggly eyes. And I'm attracted to cruel men. And, actually, no one will marry me because my boosies have actually started shrinking.

You see, it's incredibly sad.

But on the other hand, her best friend is Anna scott.

That's true. I can't deny it. She needs me. What can I say?

And most of her limbs work, whereas I'm stuck in this thing day and night, in a house full of ramps. And to add insult to serious injury, I've totally given up smoking, my favorite thing. And the truth is, we can't have a baby.

Oh, Belle.

C'est la vie. Still, we're lucky in lots of ways. But surely that's worth a brownie.

I don't know. Look at William. Very unsuccessful professionally. Divorced. Used to be handsome, now kind of squidgy round the edges. And absolutely certain never to hear from Anna again once she's heard that his nickname at school was Floppy.

You did. I can't believe it, you did. Thanks very much. Well, at least I get the last brownie.

I think so, yes.

Wait. What about me? I'm sorry? You think you deserve the brownie?

Well, a shot at it at least, huh?

You'll have to prove it. This is a very, very good brownie. I'm gonna fight for it.

I've been on a diet every day since I was 19, which basiclly means I've been hungry for a decade. I've had a series of not-nice boyfriends, one of whom hit me. And every time I get my heart broken, the newspapers splash it about as though it's entertainment. And it's taken two rather painful, operations to get me looking like this. Really? And one day not long from now, my looks will go, they will discover I can't act, and I will become some sad, middle-aged woman who looks a bit like someone who was famous for a while.

No, nice try, gorgeous, but you don't fool anyone.

Pathetic effort to hog the brownie.

Thank you for such a terrific time.

I'm delighted.

That's a great tie.

Now you're lying.

Okay, it's true. I told you I was bat at acting. It was lovely to meet you.

I'll wait until you've gone before I tell him you're a vegetarian.

Good night. I'm so sorry about the loo thing. I meant to leave. I just ... Ring me if you want someone to go shopping with. I know lots of nice, cheap places, not that money is necessarily. It was just nice to meet you.

Happy birthday. You're my style guru.

Sorry. They always do that when I leave the house. It's a stupid thing. I hate it.

Floppy, huh?

It's the hair. It's to do with the hair. Why is she in a wheelchair?

Because she had an accident about 18 months ago.

And the pregnancy thing, is that to do with the accident?

You know, I'm not sure. I don't think they tried for kids before, as fate would have it. Do you want to, um... My place is just, ..

Too complicated.

That's fine.

Busy tomorrow?

I thought you were leaving tomorrow.

I was.

All these streets round here have these mysterious communal gardens in the middle of them. They're like little villages.

Let's go in.

No, that's the point. They're private villages. Only the people who live round the edges are allowed in.

You abide by rules like that?

I don't. No, no. But others do. I just do what I want.

Whoopsidaisies.

What did you say?

Nothing.

Yes, you did.

No, I didn't.

You said, "Whoopsidaisies."

No one says, "Whoopsidaisies," do they? I mean, unless they're ...

There is no "unless." Because no one has said "Whoopsidaisies" for 50 years. And even then it was , it was just little girls with blonde ringlets.

Exactly. Right. So here we go again.

Oh. Oh. Whoopsidaisies.

Yeah, well, it's a disease. It's a clinical thing. I'm taking pills and having injections. And I'm told it won't last long.

Okay, stand aside.

I don't think that's a good idea. Really, it's quite tricky.

Anna, don't. It's harder than it. No, it's not. It's easy.

Come on, Flopsy.

This could be very unpleasant.

Now what in the world in this garden could make that ordeal worthwhile?

Nice garden.

"For June who loved this garden. For Joseph who always sat beside her." Some people do spend their whole lives together.


## 50:00

Bollocks. Have you seen my glasses?

No, afraid not.

Big, big bollocks. Average day, my glasses are everywhere. Everywhere I look there's a pair of glasses. But when I want to go to the cinema, they've vanished. It's one of live's real cruelties.