## words

### Climate change

Many greenhouse gases, e.g. carbon dioxide, methane and ozone, exist naturally and are needed to create the greenhouse effect that keeps the Earth warm enough to support human life. However, the use of fossil fuels, e.g. oil, natural gas and coal, has produced excessive4 amounts of greenhouse gases, and the result is global warming: an increase in the average temperature on Earth. Of the 15 warmest years on record, 14 have occurred since 2000.

The effects of climate change can already be seen in our everyday lives. Summers are getting hotter and winters are getting wetter, so drought and floods are becoming more common. With it, animal and plant life is suffering – some species will disappear altogether – and certain illnesses, e.g. hay fever, asthma and skin cancer, are becoming more common.


### movie50:29

Is that the time?

Thanks for all your help on the glasses thing.

Oh, you're welcome. Did you find them?

Sort of. 

Great.

So who left who?

She left me.

Why?

She saw through me.

Uh, that's not good.

You can give me Anna Scott any day.

I don't like her last film. Fell asleep as soon as the lights went down.

I don't care what the film's like. Any film with her in, it's fine by me.

She's not my type at all. I prefer the other one. You know blonde, sweet-looking. You know, what's her name? Has an orgasm every time you take her out for a cup of coffee.

Meg Ryan.

No, she's too wholesome. The point about Miss Scott is ... She's got that twinkle in her eyes. Probably drug-induced. Spends most of her life in bloody rehab. Whatever. She's so clearly up for it. You see, most girls, they're all like, "Stay away, chum." But Anna, she is absolutely gagging for it. Do you know that in over 50% of the languages, the word for "actress" is the same as the word for "prostitute"?

Where did you get that from?

And Anna is your definitive actress, someone really filthy you can just flip over and start again.

Right, that's it. Sorry. 

No, no. There's really no point.

Sorry to disturb you guys.

But, Can I help?

I wish I hadn't overheard your conversation, but I did. And I just think, you know, the person you're talking about is a real person. I think she probably  deserves a little bit more consideration rather than having jerks like you drooling over her.

Sod off, mate. what are you, her dad?

I'm sorry. 

No, I love that you tried. Time was I'd have done the same thing. In fact...

I just wanted to apologize for my friend. He's very senisitive.

No, leave it. It's, you know, I'm sure you didn't mean any harm. I'm sure it was just friendly banter. I'm sure you guys have dicks the size of peanuts. Engjoy your dinner. The tuna's really good.

I shouldn't have done that. 

No, you were brilliant.

I'm rash and I'm stupid. What am I doing with you?

I don't know. I'm afraid.

I don't either. Here we are.

Yes.

Do you wanna come up?

Well, there seems to be lots of reasons why I shouldn't, so...

There are lots of reasons.

Give me five minutes?

To be able to do that is such a wonderful thing.

You've got to go.

Why?

Because my boyfriend who was in America is, in fact, now in the next room.

Boyfriend?

Yes.

Who is it?

Room service.

How you doing? I thought you guys always wore those penguin coats. Usually we do.

But I was just changed to go home. And I thought I'd take this final call.

Great. If you don't mind, I would like something too. Could you bring me uup some really, really cold water?

I'll see what I can do.

Still, not sparkling.

Absolutely. Ice-cold still water.

Unless it's illegal in the U.K. to serve beverages below room temperature. I wouldn't want you going to jail just to satisfy my whim, now.

No, I'm sure it's fine.

One more thing. Could you adios these dirty dishes and take out that trash too?

Don't do that. I don't think it's his job to clear.

I'm sorry. What's your name man?

Thank you. I really appreciate it.

Tell me. Good surprise or nasty surprise?

Good surprise.

You're such a liar. She hates surprises. What are you gonna order? From him. What are you gonna order?

I haven't decided yet. 

Well, don't overdo it.

I don't want people saying, "There goes that famous actor with big fat girlfriend."

I should leave.

This is fairly strange reality to be faced with.

I am so sorry. I don't know what to say.

I think "good bye" is traditional.

### 57:21

