

# Word partners

### What do we mean by word partners?

> If you want to use a word naturally, you often need to know other words that are commonly used with it. These are called word partners or collocations, and they can be different from language to language. For example:

I spent time in Paris.

I missed the bus.

We have children.

I made a mistake.

It was a serious injury. (also a serious illness)

It’s quite likely that we’ll stay here.

It depends on my parents.



### verbs

Pavel told me a joke but I can’t remember it. 

I need to lose weight.
(put on weight)

The doctor told my father that he should go on a diet.

It’s very difficult to predict the future.

We won the game 2–1, and my brother scored the first goal.

My neighbour’s alarm went off in the middle of the night.

They fell in love and got married. Now Emily is expecting a baby.

### Adjectives

We’ve got a large number of students/tourists this year.
 (opp a limited/small number)

I will need a large amount of money.

There’s a wide choice of food available. (opp a limited/narrow choice)

Sergio has a wide vocabulary in English. (opp a limited vocabulary)

It’s only a toy gun but it makes a very loud noise.

Her family is of great importance to her.

We went to a party last night and it was great fun.

There was heavy traffic on the motorway going out of town. (opp light traffic)

### Adverbs and adjectives

I’m terribly sorry I’m late.

She’s well aware of the problem.

It’s vitally important that we get the right person for the job.

Ava is fast asleep, but the other two are still wide awake.








# idiom

They arrived out of the blue.

Does the name Merchant ring a bell?

You’ll have to make up your mind soon.

I think we’ll have to get rid of some of this furniture.

I’m afraid I can’t talk to you now; I’m (just) about to leave.

I don’t know what Martin said, but Natalie burst into tears. She was very upset.

Everyone was there apart from Yasmine.