


### 01:18:27

### 01:19:51

It does strike me as.

Well, surreal that I'm allowed to see you naked.

You and every person in this country.

I'm sorry.

What is it about men and nudity? Particularly breasts. How can you be so interested in them?

But, seriously, they're just breasts. Every second person in the world has them. More than that, when you think about it. Meat Loaf has a very nice pair. But they're odd-looking. They're for milk. Your mother has them. You've seen a thousand of them. What's all the fuss about?

Actually, I can't think what it is, really. Let me just have a quick look. Nope, nope. Beats me.

Rita Hayworth used to say, "They go to bed with Gilda, they wake up with me."

Who was Gilda?

Her most famous part. Men went to bed with the dream and they didn't like it when they woke up with the reality. Do you feel that way?

You are lovelier this morning than you have ever been.

I'll be right back. Breakfast in bed. Or it's brunch or lunch or something.

My God. Can I stay a bit longer? 

Stay forever.

Okay. Oh. Forgot the jam. I'll get the jam, you get the door.

Jesus Christ.

What? What is it?

Nothing really. 

You're up to something.

Anna, no, please.

My God. And they got a picture of you dressed like that.

Yes.

Undressed like this, yeah.

Morning, darling ones. 

It's me. The press are here. No, there are hundreds of them. My brilliant plan was not so brilliant. I know. I know. I know. Just get over here. Damn it.

I wounldn't go outside.

Why not?

Just take my word for it.

How did I look? Not bad. Not at all bad. Well-chosen briefs I'd say. Chicks love gray. Nice firm buttocks.

How are you doing?

How do you think I'm doing?

I don't know what happened. 

I do.

Your furry friend thought he'd make a buck telling the papers where I was.

That's not true.

Really?

The entire British press got up this morning and thought, "I know where Anna Scott is. She's in that house with the blue door in Notting Hill." Then you go out in your gaddamn undrewear.

I want out in my goddamn underwear too.

Get out.

Sorry.

I'm so sorry. 

This is such an unbelievable mess. I come to you to protect myself against more crappy gossip, and now I've landed in it all over again. For God's sake, I've got a boyfriend.

You have?

As far as they're concerned I do. And now, tomorrow there'll be pictures of you in every newspaper from here to Timbuktu.

I know that, but just let's stay calm.

You stay calm. This is a perfect situation for you, isn't it? Minimum input, maximum publicity. Everywhere you go, people will say, "Well done, you. You slept with that actress. We saw the pictures."

This is spectacularly unfair. 

That's yours. Maybe it'll even help business. Buy a boring book about Egypt form the guy that screwed Anna Scott.

Stop. Stop. I beg you. Calm down. How about a cup of tea?

I don't want a goddamn cup of tea. I just wanna go home.

Spike, see who that is, and put some clothes on for God's sake. 

Looks like a chauffeur to me. 

Spike owes you an expensive dinner or holiday deppending who's got the brains to get the going rate on betrayal.

That is not true. Wait a minute. This is crazy behavior. Can't we just laught about all this? Seriously. In the huge sweep of things, this stuff doesn't matter.

What he's gonna say next is there's people starving in the Sudan.

Well, there are and we don't have to go anywhere near that far. My best friend slipped down stairs, cracked her back and she's in a wheelchair for the rest of her life. All I'm asking for is a normal amount of perspective. 

You're right. Of course, you're right. It's just that I've dealt with this garbage for ten years. You've had it for ten minutes. Our perspectives are very different. 

Today's newspapers will be lining tomorrow's wastepaper bin.

Excuse me?

You know. It's just one day. Tomorrow, today's papers will all have been thrown out. 

You really don't get it. This story will be filed. Every time anyone writes anything about me, they'll dig up these photos. Newspapers last forever. I'll regret this forever. 

Right. I will feel the opposite, if that's okay by you, and always be glad that you came to stay. But you're probably right. You better go.



### 1:27:27

Was it you?

I may have told a few people down at the pub.

Right.

### 1:29:49

Have I got something for you. Something whick will make you love me so much. You will want to hug me every day for the rest of my life.

Blimey. What is it?

Phone number of Anna Scott's agent in London and her agent in New York. Listen, you think about her all the time. Now you can ring her. Yeah. 

Brilliant. Thanks. 

I'll see you tonight. 

Hey, Marty. Oh. Sexy cardi.

Hello. I have a little speech to make. I won't stand up because I can't be bothered. Exactly a year ago today, this man here started the finest restaurant in London.

Thank you so much.

Unfortunately, no one ever came to eat here. It's a tiny hiccup. And so we have to face the fact that from next week, we must find somewhere new to eat. I just want to say to Tony... don't take it personally. The more I think about things, the more I see no rhyme or reason in life. No one knows why some things work out and some things don't. Why some of us get lucky... and some of us ...

Get fired.

What? 

No.

It seems they're shifting the whole outfit much more towards the emerging markets. And of course, well, I was total crap, so

A toast to Bernie the worst stockbroker in the whole world. 

I thank you. And Tony, the worst restauranteur.

Tony and Bernie. Both crap.

The terrible two in their own special ways.

Since it's an evening of announcements. I've also got one. I've decided to get engaged. I've found myself a nice, slightly odd-looking bloke who I know is gonna make me happy for the rest of my life. 

Wait a sec. I mean. I'm your brother. I don't know anything about this. Is he financially viable? 

He's an artist with brilliant prospects. 

This is a secret you've been keeping from me.

No. I swear.

By the way, it's you.

Me?

What do you think?

Well, yeah. Groovy.

Excuse me. Are there any more announcements? 

Well, actually, yes. I feel I should apologize to everyone for my behavior over the last six months. I have, as you know, been somewhat down in the mouth. There's an understatement. There are dead people on better form. But I just wish to make  it clear that I've turned a corner,and henceforward intend to be impressively happy.

So you've laid the ghost?

I believe I have. 

Don't give a damn about the famous girl?

No. I don't think I do.

Which means you won't be distracted by the fact that she's back in London grasping her Oscar and currently to be found filming, most days, on Hampstead Heath. 

Oh, God, no.

So not over her, in fact.


### 1:35:01

Can I help you?

Yeah, I'm looking for Anna Scott.

Does she know you're coming?

No, she doesn't.

I'm afraid I can't let you through.

I mean I am actually a friend. I'm not a lunatic, but... No, you basically, er...

Can't let you throught, Sir.

This is ah...

I only found out you were here yesterday.

I was going to call, but I ...

Things aren't going very well, and it's cur last day.

Absolutely. You're clearly every busy.

But if you could wait, there are things to say.

Okay.

Drink tea. There's a lot of tea.

Come and have a look.

Are you a fan of Henry James?

This is a Herry James film?

This is Harry.

He'll give you a pair of headphones so you can hear the dialogue. 

Thank you very much.

No problem.

Hi, here we go.

Volume's on the side. Have a seat.

Thank you.

We are living in cloud cuckoo land. We'll never get this done today. We've got to. I have to be in New York on Thursday.

Stop showing off. God. that's an enormous ass.

I'm not listening. 

But seriously, it's not fair. So many tragic young teenagers with anorexia and that girl has an ass she could perfectly well share around with at least ten other women and still be big-bottomed.

I would think, looking at something nice like that, you and your bony little excuse for an arse would be well advised to keep quiet.

Now down to business. The end of the scene. I ask you when you're telling everyone and you say...

Tomorrow will be soon enough.

Say, who was that rather diffident chap I saw you talking to round the back?

No one. Just some guy from the past. It's a bit of an awkward situation. I don't know what he's doing here.

Course.

Thanks. I've got to ...

Any time.

Ladies and gentlemen, can we have you on your first marks?

On your first marks!

### 1:39:26

I do hate to disturb you whilst you're cooking the books, but there's a delivery for you. 

Martin, really. Can't you just do it yourself?

But you see, this is not for the shop. This is for you. Tell me, if I employ a wet rag, would I have to pay it as much as I pay you?

Hi.

You disappeared.

I had to leave. I didn't want to disturb.

How have you been?

Fine. Everything much the same. When they change the law, Spike and I will marry immediately. Whereas you, I've watched in wonder. Awards, glory.

Oh, no. It's all nonsense, believe me. I'd no idea how much nonsense it was, but nonsense it all is. Yesterday was our last day of filming, so, I'm leaving. But I brought this for you from home. So I thought I'd give it to you.

Thank you. Shall I...

Oh, no. Don't open it now. I'll be embarrassed.

Thank you. I don't know what it's for, but thanks anyway.

Actually, I had it in my apartment, and I thought you'd ... But when it came to it, I didn't know how to call, having behaved so badly. Twice. So it's just been sitting in the hotel. Then you came and I figured ... The thing is 

What? What is the thing?

Don't even think about it. Go away immeiately.

You were saying?

Yes.

I have to go away today, but I wondered if I didn't whether you might let me see you a little or a lot, maybe. See if you could like me again. 

But yesterday that actor asked you who I was and you just dismissed me out of hand. I heard. You had a microphone. I had headphones. 

You expect me to tell the truth about my life to the most indiscreet man in England?

Excuse me. It's your mother on the phone. Will you tell her I'll ring her back?

I've actually tried that tack, but she said you've said that once before and it's now been about 24 hours and the foot that was purple is now sort of blackish in color and ...

Perfect timing, as ever. Martin, hold the fort a second. 

Yes, all right.

Could I just say I thought Ghost was the most wonderful film.

Is that right?

Yes. I've always wondered what Patrick Swayze's like in real life. I can't say that I know Patrick all that well.

He wasn't that friendly during filming?

Well, I'm sure he was friendly to Demi Moore who acted with him in Ghost.

Oh, right. Sorry. Always been a bit of an ass. Anyway, it was lovely to meet you. I'm a huge, huge fant of yours. And Demi's, of course.

Sorry.

That's fine. There's always a pause when the jury goes out to consider their verdict.

Anna, look, I'm a fairly levelheaded bloke, not often in and out of love. But ...

Can I just say no to your kind request and leave it at that?

Yes. Fine. Of course. I ... Of course. I'll just be going, then. It was nice to see you.

The thing is with you I'm in real danger. It seems like a perfect situation apart from that foul temper of yours, but my relatively inexperienced heart would, I fear, not recover, uh, if I was once again cast aside, as I would absolutely expect to be. There are just too many pictures of you, too many films. You'd go and I'd be, buggered, basically.

That really is a real no, isn't it?

I live in Notting Hill. You live in Beverly Hills. Everyone in the world knows who you are. My mother has trouble remembering my name.

Fine. Good decision. Good decition. The fame thing isn't really real, you know? And don't forget I'm also just a girl, standing in front of boy asking him for loving her. Good bye.



### 1:47:07

So what do you think? Good move?

Yeah, good move.

I mean, when all's said and done, she's nothing special. I saw her taking her trousers down, and I definitely glimpsed some cellulite down there.

Good decision, yeah. All actresses are as mad as snakes.

Tones, what do you think?

Never met her, never want to. 

Brilliant. Max?

Absolutely. Never trust a vegetarian.

Great. Thanks. Brilliant.

I was called and I came. What's up?

William's just turned down Anna Scott.

You daft prick.

No, no, no, no. It's actually quite sensible.

That painting isn't the original, is it?

You know, I think it would be.

But she said she wanted to go out with you.

Yeah.

That's nice.

What?

Well, you know, anyone saying they wanna go out with you is pretty great, isn't it?

It was sort of sweet, actually. I mean, I know she's an actress and all that so she can deliver a line, but she said she might be as famous as she can be, but she also that she was just a girl standing in front of a boy asking him to love her.

Oh, sod a dog. I've made the wrong decision, haven't I?

Yeah.

Max, how fast is your car?

Hey.

Good luck.

If anyone gets in our way, we have small nuclear devices.

Where to ?

All I can think is The Ritz.

Where's Bella?

She's not coming.

Sod that. Bernie, in the back. 

What?

Max, I'm okay.

Come on, babe.

Which way are you going?

Down Kensington Church Street, then Knightsbridge, then Hyde Park Corner.

No, crazy. Go along Bayswater.

That's right. Then Park Lane. 

No, straight down to the Cromwell Road, then left.

No. 

Stop rihgt there. I will decide the route. All right?

Sorry Max.

James Bond never has to put up with this sort of shit.

Turn right.

I can't. It's one way.

Do a U-turn.

Oh. Sod it. Hold on.

Brilliant.

Bloody hell, this is fun.

Hi. Is Miss Scott staying here?

No, sir. 

How about Miss Flintstone?

No, sir.

Bambi?

No, sir.

I don't know. Beavis or Butt-head?

No, sir.

There was a Miss Pocahontas, but she checked out about an hour ago. I believe she's holding a press conference at the Savay before flying to America.

We have liftoff.

You have message for Takiama?

I'll just check, sir.

Bugger this for a bunch of bananas.

Stop. Stay there. Go.

Whoa, Hang on.

Go on. Through, through.

You're my hero.

Down boy.

Excuse me.

Yes?

Where's the press conference, please?

Are you an accredited member of the press?

Yep.

There you go.

That's a Blockbuster Video membership card, sir.

That's right. I work for their in-house magazine.

Movies are our business.

I'm sorry, sir.

He's with me. 

And you are?

Writing an article on how London hotels treat people in wheelchairs.

Yes, of course, madam. It's in the Lancaster Room.

Though I'm afraid you're rather late.

Run.

Does this mean that Miss Scott will not be publicizing her next film?

No, it absolutely does not mean that. She'll be abiding by all her present commitments. She just won't be making any more for the next year.

When will the film be released?

At the moment, the plan is to release in America towards the end of the autumn, and over here around Christmas or early in the new year.

Right. Dominic.

Anna, how much longer are you staying in the U.K, then?

No time at all. I leave tonight.

Which is why we have to round things up now, so final questings, please.

Is your decision to take a year off anything to do with the rumors about Jeff and his present leading lady?

Absolutely not.

Do you believe the rumors?

Well, it's really not my business anymore. Though I will say, from my experience, rumors about Jeff do tend to be true.

The last time you were here, there were some fairly graphic photographs token fo you with a young English guy. So, what happened there?

He was just a friend. We're still friends, I think.

Yes. Gentleman in the pink shirt.

Yes. Miss Scott, are there any circumstances in which the two of you might be more than just good friends?

I hot there would be, but no, I'm assured there aren't.

But what would you say if ... 

Sorry, just the one question, please.

No, it's all right. You were saying.

I was just wondering if it turned out that this person, Mr. Thacker realized he'd been a daft prick and got down on his knees and begged you to reconsider, whether you would, in fact, then reconsider?

Yes, I believe I would?

That's very good news. The readers of Horse & Hound will be absolutely delighted.

Right. Dominic, if you'd like to ask your question again?

Yeah? Anna, how long are you intending to stay here in Britain?

Indefinitely.


