## words

### War and violence

These men are soldiers, and they are carrying guns. They are members of an army, and part of the resposibility of an army is to defend their country from attack and to protect the people. Sometimes this means they have to fight the enemy. A long period of fighting is called war, eg. the First World War, 1914-1918, and during a war there will be a number of battles.


addition
six plus/and four equals/is ten

subtraction
six minus four is two

multiplication
six multiplied by / times four is twenty-four

division
eight divided by two is four


Some people are not very good at adding up numbers, and often get stuck if they have to work out something quite difficult. The easiest way is to use a calculator.

"0" can be spoken in fifferent ways in differrent situations: telephone number: 603449 = six oh three, double four nine OR six zero three, double four nine 
mathematics: 0.7 = nought point seven; 6.02 = six point nought two OR six point oh two
temperature: -10 degrees = ten degrees below zero OR minus ten degrees.

British people buy ost things in metres, centimetres and millimetres, but they often talk about distance using the old system of miles, yards, feet and inches.

1 mile = 1.6 kilometres
1 yard = almost 1 mitre
1 foot = 30 centimitres
1 inch = 2.5 centimitres

How far's the post office?
About a mile away.
The nearest one is half a mile.
It's just round the corner.
About a hundred yards up/down the road.

Is it far?
About ten minutes' walk.
At least a couple of miles.
Yes, it's a long way.



### 57:21

### 59:18

Come on. How can you mend. Open up. This is me. Spikey. I'm in contact with some quite important spiritual vibrations. Come on. Hit me with it.

There's this girl.

Aha. See, I been getting a female vibe. Good. Speak on, dear friend. 

She's someone who can't be mine, and it's as if I've taken love heroin, and now I can't ever have it again. I've opended Pandora's box and there's trouble inside.

Tricky. I knew a girl at school called Pandora. Never got to see her box or ...

Right, thanks. That's very helpful.

### 01:00:35

You didn't know she had a boyfriend?

No. Why? Did you? Oh, bloody hell. I don't believe it. My whole life ruined because I don't read Hello magazine.

Let's face facts. This was always a no-win situation. Anna's a goddess. You know what happens to mortals who get involved with the gods.

Buggered, is it?

Every time. But don't despair. I think I have the solution to your problems.

Really?

Her name is Tessa. She works in the Contracts Department. The hair, I admit, is unfashionable frizzy, but she's bright as a button and kisses like a nymphomaniac on death row. Apparently.

Now, try.

I got completely lost. It's very difficult, isn't it? Everything's got the word "Kensington" in it. Kensington Park Road. Kensington Garden.

Tessa, this is Bella, my wife.

Hello. You're in a wheelchair.

That's right.

And this is William.

Max has told me everything about you. 

Has he?

You are a naughty boy.

Wine? 

Oh, yes, please.

Come on, Willie. Let's get sloshed.

Red or white?

Red.

Keziah.

Some woodcock?

No. Thank you. I'm a fruitarian.

What's a fruitarian, exactly?

We believe that fruits and vegetables have feelings, so we think cooking is cruel. We only eat things that have actually fallen from the tree or bush, that are, in fact, dead already.

So, these carrots?

Have been murdered, yes. 

Murdered. Poor old carrots. That's beastly.

Delicious coffee.

I'm sorry about the lamb.

No. I thought it was ... really, you know, interesting.

Interesting means inedible. 

Really inedible. Yes, you're right.

Maybe we'll meet again.

That woluld be great.

Well?

Perfect. Absolutely perfect.

And?

I think you've forgotten what an unusual situation you two have. To find someone you actually love, who'll love you. The chances are always minuscule. Look at me. Apart from the American, I've only loved two girls, both total disasters. That's not fair. One of them marries me, then leaves me faster than you can say "Indiana Jones." And the other who seriously ought to have known better casually marries my best friend.

She still loves you, though.

In a depressingly asexual way.

I never fancied you much, actually.

Oh, God.

I loved you. You were terribly funny, but all that kissing my ears.

I don't believe it. This is just getting worse. I shall find myself 30 years from now still sitting on this sofa.

Do you wanna stay?

Yeah, why not?

All that awaits me at home is a masturbating Welshman.

Here we go.

See you. 

Right.



### 01:05:50

Guilty. Very guilty.

So it seems.

Can I come in?

Come in.

They were taken years ago. I know it was. But I was poor and it happens a lot. That's not an excuse. I just ... But to make matters worse, it now appears as though...someone was filming me as well. So what was a stupid photo shoot, now looks like a porn film. The pictures have been sold and they're just everywhere. I didn't know where to go. The hotel's surrounded. I know it's been months, but 

This is the place.

I'm just in London for two days, but what with your papers, it's the worst place to be. These pictures are just so horrrible and the're so grainy. It makes me look like 

Don't think about it. We'll sort it out.

what would you like? Tea? Bath?

A bath would bbe great.

Christ alive. Brilliant. Fantastic. Magnificent.

You must be Spike.

Just checking.

I'm really sorry about last time. He just flew in. I had no idea.

All right.

In fact, I had no idea if he was ever gonna fly in again. It's not often one has the opportunity to adios the plates of a major Hollywood film star. It was thrilling for me. So how is he?

I don't know. It just got to the point where I couldn't remember any of the reasons why we were together. And you and love? 

There's a question. Without an interesting answer. 

I have thought about you.

It's just that anytime I've tried to keep anything normal with a person that was , it's just been a disaster.

Listen, I appreciate that. Absolutely. So what is that, a film you're doing?

Start in L.A. on Tuesday.

Would you like me to take you throught your lines?

Would you? Cause it's all talk, talk, talk.

Hand it over. Right. Basic plot?

I'm a difficult but brilliant junior officer who in about 20 minutes is gonna save the world from nuclear disaster.

Okay. Well done, you.

"Message from Command. Would you like them to send in the H.K.s?"

No. Turn over four T.R.S. and tell them we need radar feedback before the K.F.T return at 1900. Then inform the Pentagoon we'll need Black Star cover from 1000 through 1215. And if you say one word about how many mistakes I made in that speech, I'll pelt you with olives.

Very well, Captain. I'll pass that on straightaway.

How many mistakes did I make?

Eleven.

Whatever your name is. I promised little Jimmy I'd be home for his birthday, so could you get a message to him that I may be late. Certainly. And little Johnny?   Then get a message to him too.

I'll do what I can, Captain. But I can't promise anything. And Cartwright goes.

What do you think?

Gripping. It's not Jane Austen. It's not Herry James, but it's gripping. 

Think I should do Herry James instead?

You would be brilliant.

But this writer, they're pretty damn good too.

You never get anyone on Wings of the Dove saying, "Inform the Pentagon we needd Black Star cover".

For me the book is the poorer for it. 


### 01:12:00

I can't believe you have that picture.

You like Chagall? 

I do. It feels like how love should be floating through a dark blue sky. 

With a goat, playing a violin.

Yes.

Happiness isn't happiness without a violin-playing goat.

You have big feet.

Yes. Yes, always have had.

You know what they say about men with big feet.

No. What's that?

Uh, big feet, large shoes.

The thing that is so irritating is that now I'm so fierce when it comes to nudity clauses. 

You actually have clauses in your contract about nudity? 

Definitely.

You may show the dent of the top of the artist's buttocks, but neigher cheek. Or if there's a stunt bottom being used artist must have full consultation.

You have a stund bottom?

I could have a stunt bottom, yes.

Are people tempted to go for better bottoms than their own?

Yeah. I would. This is important stuff.

It's one hell of a job, isn't it? What do you put on your passport? "Profession: Mel Gibson's bottom."

Actually, Mel does his own ass work. 

Right. Why wouldn't he?

Absolutely.

It's delicious.

What, the ice cream or Mel Gibson's bottom?

Both. Equally.

But you wouldn't necessarily lick both?

Well, this is tart. And fuzz-free.

Bedroom. There's clean sheets.

Tody's been a good day which in the circumstances is unexpected.

Thank you. Anyway, time for bed. Or safa bed.

Good night.

Good night.

Hello?

Hello.

Spike. 

I wonder if I could have a little word?

Right.

I don't want to interfere or anything. But she's just split up from her boyfriend, right?

Maybe.

And she's in your house.

Yes.

And you get on very well.

Yes.

Well, it is, perhaps, a nice opportunity to slip her one.

Spike, for God's sakes. She's in trouble. Get a grip.

You think it's the wrong moment. Fair enough.

Do you mind if I have a go?

Spike.

Okay. I'll talk to you in the morning.

Okay. Might be too late, but okay.

Please, sod off.

Ok. all right.

No. No. No.

Wait. I thought you were someone else.

I thought you were Spike. I'm thrilled that you're not.

### 01:18:27





