

# make, do and take

### Things we make, do and take

I’ve made a mistake.
I’m afraid I haven’t done my homework.
She took a photo of me this morning.
I haven’t done the housework yet.
They made a big effort to finish the work.
The children are making too much noise.

I’m just going to take/have a shower. 
I’m doing/taking a Spanish course next month.
Take/Have a look at these pictures.
I don’t do/take much exercise.
We must make/take a decision.


### make

- Make can mean ‘to cause something to happen or cause a particular state’.
I like Boris – he makes me laugh.
It made them angry when Karen refused to help with the washing-up.


- Make can also mean ‘to force someone to do something’.
My parents made me do my homework when I was a child.
The police made us wait outside the main gates.


- If you make friends with someone, you get to know them and like them.
I made friends with a couple of guys from Canada when I was on holiday.


- If you make up your mind, you decide something.
He’s made up his mind to leave work at the end of next month.


### Do

- We use do to describe a general action when we don’t know what it is, or there’s no noun.

What shall we do this afternoon?
Don’t just stand there, do something.

- If you do your hair / make-up, you make it look nice.

I’ll just do my hair, then we can go out.


- If you do your best, you try as hard as possible.

I’m not a good student, but I always do my best.


### Take

Take can mean to:

- remove something from a place/person, e.g. I took the key out of my pocket
- remove something without permission, e.g. Someone has taken my pen.
- accept something, e.g. Did he take the job they offered him? Do they take credit cards there?
- write something down, e.g. I took notes during the meeting. The man took my name and address.
- wear a particular size in clothes, e.g. I take size 43 shoes.
- If you take it / things easy, you relax and don’t do very much. I’ll take things easy today.
- If you take a break, you stop work and rest for a short period. Let’s take a ten-minute break.








# Key verbs: give, keep and miss

### Give

- We can use give when someone or something causes a certain effect

All that noise has given me a headache.
The walk this morning gave me an appetite [made me hungry].
Listening to Wai Sin has given me an idea.


- We often use give with different nouns to express an action

He gave me some advice [advised me].
Valentina gave us a shock when she shouted like that. [shocked us]
I had to give a speech at the wedding.
I’ll give her a ring [ring/phone her].
I had lots of work to do, but fortunately Ollie gave me a hand [helped me].



### Keep

- Keep can mean to stay or cause someone to stay in a particular state or condition.

Keep right [stay on the right side]. 
She asked us to keep quiet.
This coat will keep you warm.
Going to the gym keeps me fit.

- Keep (on) doing something means to repeat doing something, and often it is something you don’t want to do or happen.

I keep losing my glasses.
I keep getting backache.
She keeps on interrupting me. 

- If you keep in touch, you continue to communicate with someone, especially by phone or email.

I met Mara on holiday and we’ve kept in touch ever since.


- If you keep a secret, you don’t tell other people something that you know.

Tom told me not to tell anyone about his new job, but I’m not very good at keeping a secret.


- If you keep something up, you continue doing something at a high level.

You’re working hard and your English is improving. That’s good – keep it up.





