Phil

Day 7 - we're in the Cape Verde islands and, no, we didn't sink! We have made it to port. There was a small hole in the tanks that store our drinking water and someone is now fixing it. But I'm glad we stopped here - the islands here are like another world – green, lush, warm and sunny – not like the concrete jungle we left at home. Unfortunately, we can't stay here for long – we are in a race after all, around the world. There's just time to take a 'selfie' to send back to my friends (click) – oh and I must just log on and check my emails…

Phil

So there's an email from John who says… he hopes our trip is going well… and to remind me, that as part of the challenge, I have to bring back some rare, unusual souvenirs – and he wants a recording of some traditional music. Hmmm, what could that be?

PP

Phil, everything is fixed. I've filled up with drinking water. It didn't cost much and the chap who fixed it gave me this CD – something for us to listen to on the yacht.

Phil

What is it?

PP

I don't know. It's just a CD of the local Morna music.

Phil

What does it sound like?

PP

He said it's a bit like blues music. Have a listen.

Phil

That's brilliant Passepartout! What would I do without you?!

Phil

Day 10 – and I'm out in the Atlantic Ocean - and what a big ocean it is when you look at it from our small yacht, The Mermaid. It is miles and miles of blue and grey water with nothing to see on the horizon. But we've got a good tail wind and we seem to be making good progress. Passepartout is at the wheel, steering our yacht to our next destination – St Helena. I'm helping out by making tea…

Phil               

Cup of tea Passepartout?

PP                

More tea! OK then, it will help me concentrate. The sea is getting quite rough and I need your help up here on deck… 

RADIO MESSAGE:

Attention all shipping. A deep depression is forming in the South Atlantic, moving north. Severe gale force 11 winds are expected and heavy rain. Visibility will be poor.

PP

Strong wind and heavy rain. That sounds nasty. We're going to have to change direction. Get your waterproof clothes on – we're in for a wet and bumpy ride…

Phil

The weather is already getting bad. The wind is very strong and the rain is hammering down and stinging our faces. Not my favourite weather – I prefer the calm, warm, sunny type. But we have no choice - we need to find shelter. Passepartout says we should go to some islands at 0.3 degrees north, 6.6 degrees east. Where could that be? And will we make it before the storm gets us? This was a dream trip – and suddenly it’s like a nightmare.

PP

Phil what are you doing? Hold onto that rope. Don't let go or we'll lose the sail.

Phil               

OK. It's getting very dark. Do you know which way to go?

PP                

Yes – of course I do – we do have a satellite navigation system. According to this, we're not too far from the coast – but I can't see anything.

Phil

Look! I can see lights of Sao Tome. Is that a lighthouse? Is it a harbour?

PP                

Yes. I think it is… but I don't know how we're going to land in these stormy seas. We're just going to hit the rocks.

Phil              

Hey look! There's someone on the harbour wall waving their arms. Let's get closer… Is it a mermaid?

PP

A mermaid? She has legs.

Sophia

Over here. Quick! Throw me the rope.

Phil           

Phew. What luck! We're on dry land, safe from the storm and it’s all thanks to the help of a woman who lives on the island. She's invited us into her house to dry off and warm up.  But are we in the right place?

Phil           

Thanks so much for helping us – you saved our boat – and our lives.

Sophia      

My name is Sophia. I'm happy to have helped. Here you are – try some bobofrito and a cup of hot chocolate.

PP             

Mmm, nice. They taste like banana.

Sophia       

That's what they are – bobofrito is banana fried in coconut oil. Do you like it?

Phil              

Do I like it?It’s amazing… just… let..me get some more… Mmmm…

Sophia       

So tell me, what are you doing here?

PP             

We're sailing round the world but we needed to shelter from the storm. We were heading for St Helena… is that right, Phil?

Phil           

What? Oh yes, that's right. Sorry, I was enjoying this delicious hot chocolate. It tastes great too.

Sophia       

It's made with our finest cacao beans. It's what Sao Tome and Principe is famous for.

Phil           

Cacao beans! That's great because they are one of the things I have to collect as part of my challenge. Can I take some with me?

Sophia       

Your challenge?

PP             

Yes, we're sailing around the world from London back to London in 80 days. It's a stupid idea, isn't it?

Sophia       

Hmm, maybe not. Actually, you can have a bag of these beans if you can do me a favour?

Phil           

I'm sure we can help you. 

Phil                

Sophia has told me she was also sailing around the world when she stopped in Sao Tome for a rest and ended up falling in love with a man who she then married.  But her husband has started being cruel to her and she wants to leave the island and go home. Because she's got no money, she wants us to give her a lift back to Britain. The long way round! She is an experienced sailor, so how can we refuse? There is only one problem – we'll need to work out how she can escape without her husband noticing. This is exciting stuff!











# 2

Finn
Hello and welcome to 6 Minute Vocabulary. I'm Finn...

Alice
And I'm Alice. In today's show we're going to look chunks of language.

Finn
Yes, and by chunks of language we mean groups of words that naturally go together. And we're going to do that by listening to Kirsten, a student from Germany, talking about her typical morning.

Alice
We'll look closely at the chunks of language Kirsten uses...

Finn
We'll have a quiz to see what we've learnt...

Alice
And we'll bring you a top tip for learning vocabulary.

Finn
But before all that, we’re going to hear from Kirsten, who's studying right here in London.

Alice
She's talking about her typical college day. Now, two questions for you to think about while you listen. First, why does Kirsten have to leave?

Finn
And second, why do you think Kirsten’s English sounds a little bit unnatural?

Alice
Let’s find out.

INSERT
My typical morning? Well, I never go out on an unfilled stomach, so before class, I usually have a complete English breakfast – I love it.Getting to class can take a big time because it is the rush period. But when I get to class it is a lot of enjoyment because my classmates come from all over the earth. Anyway, I must go into class right now, but I’ll be back in a period.

Alice
So, why does she have to leave?

Finn
She has to go to class. Well done if you got that. But why did Kirsten’s English sound a little bit unnatural?

Alice
Well, we understood her, but she did make some unusual word choices.

Finn
Yes. And that’s because she made some mistakes when she tried to use English fixed expressions, or chunks of language.

Alice
Chunks are groups of words that naturally go together – they are fixed expressions and they can’t usually be changed. So instead of learning them word by word, we can think of them as one complete piece of language. Let’s look at some of Kirsten’s chunks.

Finn
First she said she doesn’t like going out on an unfilled stomach. The normal way to say that you are doing something without eating first is to say you’re doing something on an empty stomach.

Alice
Next she said she likes to eat a complete English breakfast. The usual way to describe eggs, bacon, sausage and tomato is a full English breakfast.

Finn
Ooh, feeling a bit hungry now. Then she said that going to college takes a big time, but the chunk is to take a long time.

Alice
And it takes a long time because it is the rush period – but the usual expression is the rush hour.

Finn
Kirsten told us that class is a lot of enjoyment. But we usually say a lot of fun.

Alice
It’s fun because Kirsten’s friends come from all over the earth – normally all over the world.

Finn
And let’s listen to the last sentence again.   

INSERT
Anyway, I must go into class right now, but I’ll be back in a period.

Finn
So she’ll return soon to talk more, but the usual way to say this is back in a bit. Or back in a minute.

Alice
Great stuff. So, let’s listen to Kirsten again, this time with all the correct chunks of language. 

INSERT
My typical morning? Well, I never go out on an empty stomach, so before class, I usually have a full English breakfast – I love it. Getting to class can take a long time because it is the rush hour. But when I get to class it’s a lot of fun because my classmates come from all over the world. Anyway, I must go into class right now, but I’ll be back in a bit.

Finn
Well done Kirsten. It sounded much more natural that time.

IDENT
You’re listening to bbclearningenglish.com.

Alice
So, now it’s time for a quiz. You have to finish the sentences with the correct chunk. Number 1. I want to learn Chinese, but I think it will… a) have a long time; b) take a great age; c) take a long time.

Finn
The natural way to say it is: c) take a long time.

Alice
Now number 2. People are learning English… a) all over the world; b) around the earth; c) throughout the planet.

Finn
People are learning English: a) all over the world.

Alice
Well done if you got that.

Finn
That brings us almost to the end of today’s show.

Alice
But before we go, here’s today’s top tip – instead of learning lists of vocabulary word by word, try picking up natural chunks of language that you hear people using. Learning these chunks will make your English sound much more natural.

Finn
Great advice. There’s more about this at BBC learning English dot com. Please join us again for six-minute vocabulary.

Both
Goodbye