I lost my watch.
I ate already.
I you need my help, please let me know.
Everyone konws it.
I thought the clothes were cheaper.
Everything is ready.
From time to time.
More than that.
I'd like to go for a walk.
I'm not married.
I'm coming to pick you up.
That smells bad.
He's right.
I'll call you when I leave.
I'm not sure.
I'm hungry.
I need to go home.
I don't like him.
I've been here for two days.
I don't speak very well.
That's too bad.
Chicago is very different from Boston.
I can't hear you.
Right here.
See you later.
Nonsense.
I have a headache.
I thing it's very good.
Take a chance.
I'm not ready yet.
I don't want to bother you.
May I speak to Mrs. Smith please?
Don't worry.
He's coming soon.
Not yet.
This doesn't work.
Be careful.
Try it.
I'll take you to the bus stop.
I'm tirsty.
I'll take it.
I'll come back later.
I'm not busy.
That's it.
I'm going to leave.
Never mind.
Sorry to bother you.
They're the same.
Next time.
The book is under the talbe.
How is work going?
Take it outside.
English Slow Normal.
See you tomorrow.
Please write it down.
Let's go have a look.
I've never seen that before.
Not recently.
Your things are all here.
Is that enough?
That's not right.
That's not fair.
Stop.
I get off of work at 6.
Please take me to this address.
I think it tastes good.
I only want a snack.
Nothing else.
I was about to leave the restaurant when my friends arrived.
I'll pay.
I need to change clothes.
That's enough.
They'll be right back.
Let me check.
I know.
They're very busy.
Just a little.
Please fill out this form.
Of course.
Just a moment.
She's pretty.
Would you take a message please?
I've heard Taxas is a beautiful place.
See you tonight.
Tell me.






