# day 3

Do you know anybody who is contemplative?

A lot of people's family is contemplative.

Ok.

We are both sides. Some people are very indejective. They don't think about a lot. Maybe my mother is that way.

Nothing with that.

But my fathter is contemplative.  He is a man of few words and read lots of books. Think about lifes, problems and all those kind of things.





Do you konw anybody who is contemplative?

Here are lots of people in my family are pretty contemplative.

Ok. Yeah.

We have both sides. Some peoople are very generlic. They don't think about things a lot. Maybe my mother is a little more that way.

Nothing wrong with that.

But my father, he is pretty contemplative. I think he is a man of few words. And he likes to read a lot of books. And think about life and problems and all those kind of things.


## transcript 

Vanessa:Do you know anybody who is contemplative? 

Dan:A lot of people in my family are pretty contemplative. 

Vanessa: Okay, yeah.

Dan: We have both sides. Some people are very energetic. They don't think about things a lot. Maybe my mother is a little more that way.

Vanessa:Nothing wrong with that.

Dan:But my father, he's pretty contemplative, I think. He's a man of few words. And he likes to read a lot of books, and think about life and problems, and all those kinds of things.









### 2

Special beginning here, it's important for me to have class and major focus. Because once you have fun with kids maybe there are ...



It's an especially beginning of the year. It's really important to make a classroom atomspher of a major focus. Because once you have a good atomspher year where kids don't make fun of each other for wrong answers. Maybe there more likely to volunteer class when there unsure.


#### transcript

Especially at the beginning of the year, it’s really important to make the classroom atmosphere a major focus because once you have a good atmosphere where kids don’t make fun of each other for wrong answers, maybe they’re more likely to volunteer in class when they’re unsure.








